Cardiac arrests is one of the severe health disorder which when happened to a person, blocks the flow of blood throughout the body, which includes brain as well. This blockage of flow of blood results in damaging of brain tissues which ultimately leads to vegetative state for a person, or life long coma or death. In order study the disease technically and trace out the patterns in the EEG (Electro Encephalo Graphy) technique to classify the outcome of a persons recovery post cardiac arrest, we have researched and developed a deep learning model. The model incorporates use of LSTM (Long short term memory) nodes which is technically a machine learning asset which is used to learn time dependent data such as voice notes, digital and analog signals and trace out the patterns in it. In our research we have gathered a large dataset from various dataset repositories like kaggle, nci machine learning repository which are in fact taken from various hospitals and clinics from europe and london. The dataset consists of 178 different combination of analog signals stored in csv file format , these signals are obtained by placing multiple electrodes on the head with unique arrangement pattern. The values are measured relatively. 
The proposed model proves its efficiency in learning and classifying the input signals into 5 different categories ie(1,2,3,4,5), where 1 denotes very speedy recovery is possible, 2 denotes slight irregularity , 3 denotes vegetative state post recovery and 4,5 denotes life long coma and death. We have achieved impressive predictive accuracy of 68%, wherein out of 100 instances of input, 68 were effectively predicted the values which aligned with the expected output in the dataset. The research concludes here and in future we are looking forward to implement the training and testing rigourously on larger dataset for enhanced pattern recognition present in the available data.
